Spelunker: Implement New Game (#3282)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/spelunker/docs/setup_en.md

# Yoshi's Island Archipelago Randomizer Setup Guide

## Required Software

- [Archipelago](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago/releases).

- Hardware or software capable of loading and playing SNES ROM files
    - An emulator capable of connecting to SNI such as:
        - snes9x-rr from: [snes9x rr](https://github.com/gocha/snes9x-rr/releases),
        - BizHawk from: [TASVideos](https://tasvideos.org/BizHawk)
        - snes9x-nwa from: [snes9x nwa](https://github.com/Skarsnik/snes9x-emunwa/releases)
        

>         NOTE: RetroArch and FXPakPro are not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        NOTE: RetroArch and FXPakPro are not currently supported. It is not recommended to attempt to play this on console.
```
Mostly since I've seen people try to play the Yoshi's Island one on console a few times and ruin multis, so it makes some sense to more explicitly say not to try console.

> - Your legally obtained Yoshi's Island English 1.0 ROM file, probably named `Super Mario World 2 - Yoshi's Island (U).sfc`

Reviewer: Wrong game

## Installation Procedures

### Windows Setup

1. Download and install Archipelago from the link above, making sure to install the most recent version.

> 2. During generation/patching, you will be asked to locate your base ROM file. This is your Yoshi's Island ROM file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. During generation/patching, you will be asked to locate your base ROM file. This is your Spelunker ROM file.
```
